{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red90\green90\blue90;\red200\green0\blue13;
\red90\green90\blue90;\red200\green0\blue13;\red90\green90\blue90;\red87\green87\blue87;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red27\green128\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green84\blue83;\red117\green117\blue117;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green166\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c42792\c42792\c42739;\cssrgb\c83404\c0\c4812;
\cssrgb\c42839\c42839\c42732;\cssrgb\c83277\c0\c4524;\cssrgb\c42886\c42886\c42725;\cssrgb\c41668\c41668\c41512;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c11095\c58865\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99926;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99941;\cssrgb\c40175\c40175\c39975;\cssrgb\c53231\c53231\c53231;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c29136\c71589\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99971;\cssrgb\c40132\c40132\c39981;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \cb2 Aaron References\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 The Personality Page. (2019). Portrait of an ENFJ. [online] Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFJ.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 https://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFJ.html}} [Accessed 18 Mar. 2019].\
\
16Personalities.(2019). ENFJ Strengths and Weaknesses 16Personalities. [online] Available at:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.16personalities.com/enfj-strengths-and-weaknesses"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 https://www.16personalities.com/enfj-strengths-and-weaknesses}} [Accessed 18 Mar. 2019].\
\
Mindtools.com. (2019). VAK Learning StylesUnderstanding How Team Members Learn. [online] Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/vak-learning-styles.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/vak-learning-styles.htm}} [Accessed 18 Mar. 2019].\
\
howtostudy.com. (2019). [online] Available at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.how-to-study.com/study-skills-articles/visual-learner.asp"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 https://www.how-to-study.com/study-skills-articles/visual-learner.asp}} [Accessed 18 Mar. 2019].\
\
Colorcode.com. (2019). [online] Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.colorcode.com/media/cc/bonus/pdf/yellow.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 https://www.colorcode.com/media/cc/bonus/pdf/yellow.pdf}}\cf5 \cb2  [Accessed 18 Mar. 2019].\
\
Spadafora, A. (2019). Phishing attacks on the rise in 2018. [online] TechRadar. Available at: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.techradar.com/au/news/phishing-attacks-on-the-rise-in-2018"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb2 \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr0\shado1 \shadc0 https://www.techradar.com/au/news/phishing-attacks-on-the-rise-in-2018}} [Accessed 18 Mar. 2019].\

\fs32 \cf7 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf8 \cb2 \shad0 Rasmussen.edu. (2019). Everything You Need to Know About Becoming a Cyber Security Analyst | Rasmussen College. [online] Available at: \cf10 \cb11 https://www.rasmussen.edu/degrees/technology/blog/becoming-cyber-security-analyst/\cf10 \cb12  \cf8 \cb2 [Accessed 14 Apr. 2019].
\f1\fs26 \cf13 \cb2 \
\

\f0\fs36 \cf14 \cb15 this. (2019). What's it really like to be a cyber security specialist? | this.. [online] Available at: \cf16 \cb17 https://this.deakin.edu.au/career/whats-it-really-like-to-be-a-cyber-security-specialist\cf14 \cb15  [Accessed 14 Apr. 2019].\
\
The Australian Government, D. (2019). Database & Systems Administrators & ICT Security | Job Outlook. [online] Joboutlook.gov.au. Available at: \cf16 \cb17 https://joboutlook.gov.au/occupation.aspx?code=2621\cf14 \cb15  [Accessed 14 Apr. 2019].
\f1\fs26 \cf18 \cb2 \
}