{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 IT Professionals Report by Aaron Bowden\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Cyber Security Analyst\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
Three articles: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Rasmussen.edu. (2019). Everything You Need to Know About Becoming a Cyber Security Analyst | Rasmussen College. [online] Available at: https://www.rasmussen.edu/degrees/technology/blog/becoming-cyber-security-analyst/ [Accessed 14 Apr. 2019].\
\
Deakin University (2019). What's it really like to be a cyber security specialist? | this.. [online] Available at: https://this.deakin.edu.au/career/whats-it-really-like-to-be-a-cyber-security-specialist [Accessed 14 Apr. 2019].\
\
The Australian Government, D. (2019). Database & Systems Administrators & ICT Security | Job Outlook. [online] Joboutlook.gov.au. Available at: https://joboutlook.gov.au/occupation.aspx?code=2621 [Accessed 14 Apr. 2019].\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 What kind of work is done by a Cyber Security Analyst: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
My research has revealed that the profession of Cyber Security Analyst is becoming more and more popular as the world becomes more dependent on technology. It is apparent that there is currently a high demand for Cyber Security Analyst\'92s and the Australian Government predicts the number of people working in this field will increase strongly to 41 000 by 2022 (The Australian Government, 2019). According to Rasmussen College, the kind of work typically performed by a Cyber Security Analyst\'92s includes \'91planning and carrying out security measures to protect computer networks and systems\'92. This work also includes \'91keeping tabs on threats and monitoring networks for any breaches in security\'92 (rasmussen.edu 2019). To me, this means Cyber Security Analyst\'92s must maintain subject matter expertise in areas such as cryptography, IT trends and security, understanding how to defend against cyber threats. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 What kinds of people does a Cyber Security Analyst interact with?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
According to the Job Outlook website published by the Australian Government, Cyber Security Analyst\'92s liaise with a variety of different people including security vendors, suppliers, and service providers (The Australian Government, 2019). This website also highlights that Cyber Security Analyst\'92s are \'91required to provide troubleshooting advice and support to clients in diagnosing, resolving and repairing hardware and software malfunctions\'92 (The Australian Government, 2019). To me, this means Cyber Security Analyst\'92s would need to deal with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. It would be important for Cyber Security Analyst\'92s to have excellent communication skills to be able to communicate using technical jargon with other IT professionals, whilst also being able to communicate threats and advice to clients who could include members or a business or members of the general public, depending on who the client is. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Where does a Cyber Security Analyst spend most of their time? \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
Deakin University published an an interview with Colby, a Security Analyst at Deloitte, who stated that their average day in this profession involves internal and external testing. Colby states that their average day involves simulating a cyber attack, writing an assessment and \'91providing a report to the client which details the steps involved in exploiting each vulnerability discovered and recommendations to secure the affected system.\'92 (Deakin University, 2019). To me, this means Cyber Security Analyst\'92s would spend the majority of their time utilising technical skills to simulate attacks and then utilising general skills in report writing and communication to provide their findings to their clients. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 What aspect of this position is most challenging? \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
In the same interview published by Deakin University, Colby stated the challenge of this position is that \'91security analysts must continually adapt to stay a step ahead of cyber criminals. This involves monitoring current trends in cyber crime, the latest methods and exploits used by attackers to infiltrate systems, and new developments in technology.\'92 (Deakin University, 2019). To me, this means that Cyber Security Analyst\'92s must continue to be subject matter experts. I would think it is likely they must continuously consume information and update and maintain their skills in order to perform their duties effectively. I imagine this would require a significant commitment to ongoing learning which would be very time consuming. \
\
\
}